So I decided to build a blog. In the year of our Lord 2025, I decided to build an old-school blog.

#### But like, why a blog?

Lots of reasons.

Last year, a friend of mine started sending quarterly updates on her life to friends and family via a snail-mail quarterly periodical that she designs and prints herself. I love this idea so much and wanted to do something similar, but I prefer to do things digitally. While brainstorming options, I realized that what I really want is just some simple, straightforward way to keep the people in my life up to date on what’s going on with me, my interests, what I’m up to, etc.

I briefly flirted with the idea of trying to be more intentional about my use of Instagram to achieve this goal, but:

- Instagram is simply way too distracting for me (and you too, I bet).

- Instagram posts and stories are image-first, which means that:

  - I would need to find an image to headline every update I may want to share, even if I don’t need or want an image. (I.e., you can’t just write a plain-text blog post.)

  - The image becomes the focus of any given update, and people may not even read the caption (which would contain the update I’m trying to share in the first place).

- You can’t customize your Instagram profile much, and I want more room for self-expression (changing colors and fonts, layouts, widgets, etc).

I realized that what I really want is something like old-school MySpace. I want a webpage that’s exclusively about me, with no banners and sidebars all over the place that link to other people’s stuff. I want a webpage that I can customize to include whatever I want in whatever configuration I want. I want the nostalgic experience of something retro (like my friend’s periodical).

#### Why did I build it all myself?

I browsed around a bit to see whether there were any websites out there that met my criteria, but nothing really felt right to me. So I decided that if I want *exactly what I want*, I should make it myself.

Notice that at the top of this post I said that I decided to “build” a blog, not “start” a blog. This website that you’re reading this on, I built it all myself. And it’s not just plain HTML and CSS either &mdash; I built an entire static site generator that creates the HTML I need from individual text files that hold my blog posts and interests sections.

So like, why did I do this?
- Because I can.
- Because I haven’t done much web development since I left my job at the software company, and I miss it.
- Because I wanted full control over the structure of the components of the website.
- Because I wanted to challenge myself with a difficult project over the summer.
- Because I wanted to learn some new skills (which I did!)

#### What’s next?

I’ll be posting whatever I feel like to this website for the foreseeable future. I may advertise updates on Instagram, or I may not. Ultimately, even if no one really reads this blog, I’m going to keep it up because I’m having a lot of fun with it.

Eventually I'd also like to turn this little project into something that anyone can use to customize and publish their own blog. More to come on that as I get things worked out.