markdown/homepage/watching.md, before:

## 📺 What I'm Watching

### Currently Watching

- [Archer](https://youtu.be/WIfnM9ntFc8?si=qT1PY2rRJigz3OOE) (again)

- [Blue Eye Samurai](https://youtu.be/3gLlS9m4kns?si=BnlFN3GyhmetYR0J)

- [Baby Reindeer](https://youtu.be/eafm1gB6SCM?si=gZMrXNgIjkdzIUdO) (though honestly it makes me so uncomfortable that I might not finish it)

### Past Series & Films

- [Barbarian]()<br>
<span class="rating">★★★★☆</span><br>
Holy shit what an opening! The introductory sequence lasts almost 45 minutes, but it's phenomenal. Masterful suspense, and it really sets the tone for the film.<br><br>
But also the _decisions_? That people _make_?? In this _MOVIE_??!!! Grade-A horror film idiocy.<br><br>
And Justin Long's character is such an amazing douche bag that I was really craving his torture.<br><br>
My only gripe is that the second half of the film wasn't as scary as the first. Still had fun watching it, though, and I'm excited for Zach Cregger's new movie, [Weapons](https://youtu.be/OpThntO9ixc?si=sAadp9qtwOyOl_eF).

- [The Boyfriend](https://youtu.be/VS2gv--0Pug?si=SpVxwTOfs3k7NrZv)<br>
<span class="rating">★★★☆☆</span><br>
Very cute and wholesome, just as all the reviews I've read promised. I don't usually watch reality TV, but I wanted to watch this one a) to support queer media, and b) everyone was saying how sweet it was. I don't know that I would recommend it, but I will probably watch a second season if they ever release one in the US.

[**read more**](/reviews#Films)

Commit message:

content changes: Weapons review, various updates to homepage

markdown/homepage/watching.md, after:

## 📺 What I'm Watching

### Currently Watching

- [Frieren](https://youtu.be/01WEqntM1NI?si=KmcVSHq8x4XHZnxe)

- [Blue Eye Samurai](https://youtu.be/3gLlS9m4kns?si=BnlFN3GyhmetYR0J)

- [Baby Reindeer](https://youtu.be/eafm1gB6SCM?si=gZMrXNgIjkdzIUdO) (though honestly it makes me so uncomfortable that I might not finish it)

### Past Series & Films

- [Weapons](https://youtu.be/OpThntO9ixc?si=sAadp9qtwOyOl_eF)<br>
<span class="rating">★★★★★</span><br>
Holy shit! Such a good horror film! It's very well structured and maintains suspense throughout the runtime. The acting was great, the story was engaging, the minimal visuals were employed very well. Nothing bad to say about this one.

- [Barbarian]()<br>
<span class="rating">★★★★☆</span><br>
Holy shit what an opening! The introductory sequence lasts almost 45 minutes, but it's phenomenal. Masterful suspense, and it really sets the tone for the film.<br><br>
But also the _decisions_? That people _make_?? In this _MOVIE_??!!! Grade-A horror film idiocy.<br><br>
And Justin Long's character is such an amazing douche bag that I was really craving his torture.<br><br>
My only gripe is that the second half of the film wasn't as scary as the first. Still had fun watching it, though, and I'm excited for Zach Cregger's new movie, [Weapons](https://youtu.be/OpThntO9ixc?si=sAadp9qtwOyOl_eF).

[**read more**](/reviews#Films)
